pages/05.registration/registration.md, before:

---
title: Registration
published: true
metadata:
    description: 'Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.'
    keywords: 'diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, registration, fee, cost'
    author: 'UCLA Library'
---

# Register Now!
_(Links go to UCLA Central Ticket Office secure site)_

### <a href="https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/uclacto/EN/buy/details/m162830" target="_blank">Registration: $225</a>
### <a href="https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/uclacto/EN/buy/details/m162830" target="_blank">Student Registration: $100</a>
### <a href="https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/uclacto/EN/buy/details/m162830" target="_blank">Pre-conference: $50</a>
   _You may register for the Pre-conference at a later time. Agenda will be announced later._

**Cancellation Policy**

   _All cancellations made by May 31st will receive a full refund, minus $20 processing fee. Cancellations made after
    May 31st are not eligible for a refund._

### <a href="https://uclarh.webhotel.microsdc.us/bp/search_rooms.jsp?groupCode=LIB6A&checkinYear=2016&checkinDay=9&checkinMonth=8&numberOfNights=4&numberOfRooms=1&numberOfAdults=1" target="_blank">Reserve your room now</a>
+ Meals are included in our award-winning residential dining halls for those staying in conference housing.
+ Lunch tickets (all you can eat, approximately $15) will be available for purchase in the dining halls for those who 
are not staying in conference housing. (It is highly recommended that conference attendees eat in the dining halls in order not to miss any of the afternoon sessions.)

Commit message:

adds registration is closed, adds embedded google form, fix for poster alpha sort #3

pages/05.registration/registration.md, after:

---
title: Registration
published: true
metadata:
    description: 'Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.'
    keywords: 'diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, registration, fee, cost'
    author: 'UCLA Library'
---

We’ve had a tremendous response to this conference, and registration for the main conference is now at full capacity 
and has been closed. (Registration for the August 10 [pre-conference](../program/pre-conference) is still open.) If you 
would like to be added to the registration wait list (in case of cancellations), or if you are a conference presenter
 who has not yet registered, please fill out the NDLC Waitlist form below as soon as possible. Thank you!

### <a href="https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/uclacto/EN/buy/details/m162830" target="_blank">Pre-conference: $50</a>

**Cancellation Policy**

   _All cancellations made by May 31st will receive a full refund, minus $20 processing fee. Cancellations made after
    May 31st are not eligible for a refund._

### <a href="https://uclarh.webhotel.microsdc.us/bp/search_rooms.jsp?groupCode=LIB6A&checkinYear=2016&checkinDay=9&checkinMonth=8&numberOfNights=4&numberOfRooms=1&numberOfAdults=1" target="_blank">Reserve your room now</a>
+ Meals are included in our award-winning residential dining halls for those staying in conference housing.
+ Lunch tickets (all you can eat, approximately $15) will be available for purchase in the dining halls for those who 
are not staying in conference housing. (It is highly recommended that conference attendees eat in the dining halls in order not to miss any of the afternoon sessions.)
 
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1PxVV9pantFzaQW7EykzORH90THRn4mBIYYaeBm_t2zc/viewform?embedded=true#start=embed" width="760" height="760" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>
