pages/01.home/default.md, before:

---
title: Home
metadata:
    description: Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.
    keywords: diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, keynote, speakers, Chris Bourg, April Hathcock, Lakota Harden,
    author: UCLA Library
---
<p class="lead">The National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC '16), co-sponsored by the UCLA Library and the 
Association of Research Libraries (ARL), will take place on the UCLA campus on August 10 - 13, 2016. </p>
Under the theme of “Bridges to Inclusion,” it endeavors to highlight issues related to diversity and inclusion that affect staff, users, and institutions in the library, archive, and museum (LAM) fields. It also aims to articulate the value of and develop strategies for diversity and inclusion in LAMs in order to improve organizational excellence and community engagement.

# [Register Now](../05.registration/registration.md)

## [Keynote Speakers](../02.keynote/keynote.md)

## [Reserve Your Room Now](../06.housing/housing.md)

Commit message:

adds registration is closed, adds embedded google form, fix for poster alpha sort #3

pages/01.home/default.md, after:

---
title: Home
metadata:
    description: Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.
    keywords: diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, keynote, speakers, Chris Bourg, April Hathcock, Lakota Harden,
    author: UCLA Library
---
<p class="lead">The National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC '16), co-sponsored by the UCLA Library and the 
Association of Research Libraries (ARL), will take place on the UCLA campus on August 10 - 13, 2016. </p>
Under the theme of “Bridges to Inclusion,” it endeavors to highlight issues related to diversity and inclusion that affect staff, users, and institutions in the library, archive, and museum (LAM) fields. It also aims to articulate the value of and develop strategies for diversity and inclusion in LAMs in order to improve organizational excellence and community engagement.

We’ve had a tremendous response to this conference, and registration for the main conference is now at full capacity 
and has been closed. (Registration for the August 10 [pre-conference](../program/pre-conference) is still open.) If you 
would like to be added to the registration wait list (in case of cancellations), or if you are a conference presenter
 who has not yet registered, please fill out the [NDLC Waitlist form](../registration) as soon as possible. Thank you!

## [Keynote Speakers](../02.keynote/keynote.md)

## [Reserve Your Room Now](../06.housing/housing.md)
