pages/09.conduct/about.md, before:

---
title: Conduct
published: true
metadata:
    description: 'Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.'
    keywords: 'diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, conduct, behavior, code'
    author: 'UCLA Library'
visible: true
template: about
routes:
  canonical: '/canonical/url/alias'
  aliases:
    - '/Conduct'
---
# Code of Conduct

<!-- ### If you experience or observe behavior not in accordance with the Code of Conduct, you can report it [here]
(report).-->

<p>
NDLC 2016 is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, 
gender identity and expression, age, sexual	orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity,
 national origin, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language 
 and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, receptions, Twitter and other 
 online media. <em>(See note below on possible exceptions relating to program content.)</em> Conference participants 
 violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.
</p>
<p>
Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, national origin, or religion (or lack thereof)
</li>
<li>Sexual images in public spaces
</li>
<li>Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
</li>
<li>Harassing photography or recording (See Photography Policy below.)
</li>
<li>Sustained disruption of talks or other events
</li>
<li>Inappropriate or unwelcome physical contact
</li>
<li>Unwelcome sexual attention
</li>
<li>Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior
</li>
</ul>
<h2>
Note on Sensitive Program Content
</h2>
<p>
Some discussion related to sensitive issues may be appropriate given the topic of the conference. Discussion or images related to sex, discriminatory language, or similar is welcome if it meets all of the following criteria: (a) it is necessary to the topic of discussion and no alternative exists, (b) it is presented in a respectful manner, especially towards people of color, women, and LGBTQIA people, (c) attendees are warned in advance in the program and respectfully given ample warning and opportunity to leave beforehand. This exception specifically does not allow use of gratuitous sexual images as attention-getting devices or unnecessary examples.
</p>
<h2>
Photography Policy
</h2>
<p>
The word <em>photo</em> below means any photographed likeness of an individual, including, but not limited to, photos 
and videos.
</p>
<p>
Three colors of badge holders are provided to conference participants. Blue means it is okay for photographers to take pictures of you. Yellow means photographers should ask permission. Red means photos are not okay. All attendees, organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and speakers will have these badge holders available to them. If no badge holder is visible, yellow will be assumed.
</p>
<p>
Any attendee, organizer, volunteer, sponsor, or speaker who takes photos is asked to abide by this policy. Please do not take photos of anyone wearing a red badge holder. Ask permission to take a photo of anyone wearing a yellow badge holder. Do not publish identifiable photos of people wearing red badge holders or those wearing yellow badge holders from whom you did not receive permission. Please follow the same rules for speakers when they are speaking.
If their badge holder is visible, please abide by the preference expressed. If not visible, assume that pictures are not ok unless you've asked them.
</p>
<p>
<em>Note:</em> Harassing photography or recording is not acceptable in any circumstances.
</p>
<h2>
Enforcement
</h2>
<p>
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.
</p>
<p>
Speakers, presenters, and exhibitors are also subject to the code of conduct.
</p>
<p>
If a participant engages in harassing behavior, event organizers retain the right to take any actions to keep the event a welcoming environment for all participants. This includes warning the offender or expelling the offender from the conference with no refund.
</p>
<p>
Event organizers may take action to redress anything designed to, or with the clear impact of, disrupting the event or making the environment hostile for any participants.
</p>
<p>
Conference participants are expected to respect this policy at all event venues and event-related social activities.
</p>
<h2>
Reporting
</h2>
<p>
Harassment and other code of conduct violations reduce the value of our event for everyone. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, if someone makes you or anyone else feel unsafe or unwelcome, or if you have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff as soon as possible. Conference staff can be identified by their staff badges. You can make a report either personally or anonymously.
</p>
<h2>
Anonymous Report
</h2>
<p>
You can make an anonymous report at ndlc.info/report. We can't follow up an anonymous report with you directly, but we will fully investigate it and take whatever action possible to prevent a recurrence.
</p>
<h2>
Personal Report
</h2>
<p>
You can make a personal report by:
</p>
<li>
Calling or messaging this phone number: 310-893-9813. This phone number will be continuously monitored for the duration of the event.
</li>
<li>
Contacting a staff member (at the information desk or identified by staff badges).
</li>
<p></p>
<p>
When taking a personal report, our staff will ensure you are safe and cannot be overheard. They may involve other event staff to ensure your report is managed properly. Once safe, we'll ask you to tell us about what happened. This can be upsetting, but we'll handle it as respectfully as possible, and you can bring someone to support you. You won't be asked to confront anyone and we won't tell anyone who you are.
</p>
<p>
Our team will be happy to help you contact hotel/venue security, local law enforcement, and local support services; provide escorts; or otherwise assist you to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.
</p>
<h2>
Resources
</h2>
<p>
NDLC staff: <a href="mailto:ndlc@library.ucla.edu">ndlc@library.ucla.edu</a><strong> | 310-893-9813</strong>
</p>
<h3>
UCLA Police Department
</h3>
<p>
Emergency: 911 &#8226; Non-emergency: 310-825-1491 &#8226; Anonymous reporting line 310-794-5824
</p>
<h3>
Rape Treatment Center at Santa Monica-UCLA Medical Center
</h3>
<p>
Medical and counseling services available 24 hours a day for sexual assault survivors.
</p>
<p>
Call 424-259-6700 or visit <a href="http://www.rapetreatmentcenter.org/" target="_blank">www.rapetreatmentcenter.org</a>.
</p>
<h3>
Hospital - Emergency
</h3>
<p>
Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center
<br/>
757 Westwood Plaza, Los Angeles &#8226; Emergency Department: 310-825-2111
</p>
<h3>
Urgent Care
</h3>
<p>
Brentview Medical Urgent Care
<br/>
11611 San Vicente Boulevard, Los Angeles 90049 &#8226; Phone: 310-820-0013
<br/>
Monday-Friday: 8am-8pm &#8226; Saturday-Sunday: 9am-4pm
</p>
<h3>
Crisis Counseling
</h3>
<p>
Didi Hirsch Mental Health Services
<br/>
Short-term crisis counseling and crisis intervention. Open to anyone. Cost is based on ability to pay.
<br/>
4760 South Sepulveda Boulevard, Culver City 90230 &#8226; Phone: 310-390-6612
</p>
<h3>
UCLA Community Service Officers (CSOs)
</h3>
<p>
CSO escorts are available free of charge to walk with students, faculty, staff, or visitors 365 days a year from dusk until 1 a.m. between campus buildings, local living areas, or Westwood Village within the approximate boundaries of Sunset Boulevard to the north, Hilgard to the east, Wilshire to the South, and Veteran to the West. Call 310-794-WALK (310-794-9255) 15 minutes before you need to leave to request a CSO escort.
</p>
<h3>
Taxi Services
</h3>
<p>
Beverly Hills Cab Company: 800-273-6611 &#8226; L.A. Yellow Cab: 424-222-2222
</p>
<p>
This policy can be found online at <a href="http://ndlc.info/conduct">http://ndlc.info/conduct</a>.
</p>
<p>
<em>This anti-harassment policy is based on the example policy from the </em><a href="http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment" target="_blank"><em>Geek Feminism wiki</em></a><em>, created by the Ada Initiative and other volunteers.</em>
</p>

Commit message:

comments out link to conduct report on program page

pages/09.conduct/about.md, after:

---
title: Conduct
published: true
metadata:
    description: 'Save the Date for the National Diversity in Libraries Conference (NDLC) 2016 UCLA, Los Angeles, California where library staff discuss issues relating to diversity.'
    keywords: 'diversity, conference, NDLC, UCLA, Los Angeles, Save, Date, national, 2016, what is diversity, diversity committee, conduct, behavior, code'
    author: 'UCLA Library'
visible: true
template: about
routes:
  canonical: '/canonical/url/alias'
  aliases:
    - '/Conduct'
---
# Code of Conduct

 [//]: # (### If you experience or observe behavior not in accordance with the Code of Conduct, you can report it [here](report).)

<p>
NDLC 2016 is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, 
gender identity and expression, age, sexual	orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity,
 national origin, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language 
 and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, receptions, Twitter and other 
 online media. <em>(See note below on possible exceptions relating to program content.)</em> Conference participants 
 violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.
</p>
<p>
Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, national origin, or religion (or lack thereof)
</li>
<li>Sexual images in public spaces
</li>
<li>Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
</li>
<li>Harassing photography or recording (See Photography Policy below.)
</li>
<li>Sustained disruption of talks or other events
</li>
<li>Inappropriate or unwelcome physical contact
</li>
<li>Unwelcome sexual attention
</li>
<li>Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior
</li>
</ul>
<h2>
Note on Sensitive Program Content
</h2>
<p>
Some discussion related to sensitive issues may be appropriate given the topic of the conference. Discussion or images related to sex, discriminatory language, or similar is welcome if it meets all of the following criteria: (a) it is necessary to the topic of discussion and no alternative exists, (b) it is presented in a respectful manner, especially towards people of color, women, and LGBTQIA people, (c) attendees are warned in advance in the program and respectfully given ample warning and opportunity to leave beforehand. This exception specifically does not allow use of gratuitous sexual images as attention-getting devices or unnecessary examples.
</p>
<h2>
Photography Policy
</h2>
<p>
The word <em>photo</em> below means any photographed likeness of an individual, including, but not limited to, photos 
and videos.
</p>
<p>
Three colors of badge holders are provided to conference participants. Blue means it is okay for photographers to take pictures of you. Yellow means photographers should ask permission. Red means photos are not okay. All attendees, organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and speakers will have these badge holders available to them. If no badge holder is visible, yellow will be assumed.
</p>
<p>
Any attendee, organizer, volunteer, sponsor, or speaker who takes photos is asked to abide by this policy. Please do not take photos of anyone wearing a red badge holder. Ask permission to take a photo of anyone wearing a yellow badge holder. Do not publish identifiable photos of people wearing red badge holders or those wearing yellow badge holders from whom you did not receive permission. Please follow the same rules for speakers when they are speaking.
If their badge holder is visible, please abide by the preference expressed. If not visible, assume that pictures are not ok unless you've asked them.
</p>
<p>
<em>Note:</em> Harassing photography or recording is not acceptable in any circumstances.
</p>
<h2>
Enforcement
</h2>
<p>
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.
</p>
<p>
Speakers, presenters, and exhibitors are also subject to the code of conduct.
</p>
<p>
If a participant engages in harassing behavior, event organizers retain the right to take any actions to keep the event a welcoming environment for all participants. This includes warning the offender or expelling the offender from the conference with no refund.
</p>
<p>
Event organizers may take action to redress anything designed to, or with the clear impact of, disrupting the event or making the environment hostile for any participants.
</p>
<p>
Conference participants are expected to respect this policy at all event venues and event-related social activities.
</p>
<h2>
Reporting
</h2>
<p>
Harassment and other code of conduct violations reduce the value of our event for everyone. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, if someone makes you or anyone else feel unsafe or unwelcome, or if you have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff as soon as possible. Conference staff can be identified by their staff badges. You can make a report either personally or anonymously.
</p>
<h2>
Anonymous Report
</h2>
<p>
You can make an anonymous report at ndlc.info/report. We can't follow up an anonymous report with you directly, but we will fully investigate it and take whatever action possible to prevent a recurrence.
</p>
<h2>
Personal Report
</h2>
<p>
You can make a personal report by:
</p>
<li>
Calling or messaging this phone number: 310-893-9813. This phone number will be continuously monitored for the duration of the event.
</li>
<li>
Contacting a staff member (at the information desk or identified by staff badges).
</li>
<p></p>
<p>
When taking a personal report, our staff will ensure you are safe and cannot be overheard. They may involve other event staff to ensure your report is managed properly. Once safe, we'll ask you to tell us about what happened. This can be upsetting, but we'll handle it as respectfully as possible, and you can bring someone to support you. You won't be asked to confront anyone and we won't tell anyone who you are.
</p>
<p>
Our team will be happy to help you contact hotel/venue security, local law enforcement, and local support services; provide escorts; or otherwise assist you to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.
</p>
<h2>
Resources
</h2>
<p>
NDLC staff: <a href="mailto:ndlc@library.ucla.edu">ndlc@library.ucla.edu</a><strong> | 310-893-9813</strong>
</p>
<h3>
UCLA Police Department
</h3>
<p>
Emergency: 911 &#8226; Non-emergency: 310-825-1491 &#8226; Anonymous reporting line 310-794-5824
</p>
<h3>
Rape Treatment Center at Santa Monica-UCLA Medical Center
</h3>
<p>
Medical and counseling services available 24 hours a day for sexual assault survivors.
</p>
<p>
Call 424-259-6700 or visit <a href="http://www.rapetreatmentcenter.org/" target="_blank">www.rapetreatmentcenter.org</a>.
</p>
<h3>
Hospital - Emergency
</h3>
<p>
Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center
<br/>
757 Westwood Plaza, Los Angeles &#8226; Emergency Department: 310-825-2111
</p>
<h3>
Urgent Care
</h3>
<p>
Brentview Medical Urgent Care
<br/>
11611 San Vicente Boulevard, Los Angeles 90049 &#8226; Phone: 310-820-0013
<br/>
Monday-Friday: 8am-8pm &#8226; Saturday-Sunday: 9am-4pm
</p>
<h3>
Crisis Counseling
</h3>
<p>
Didi Hirsch Mental Health Services
<br/>
Short-term crisis counseling and crisis intervention. Open to anyone. Cost is based on ability to pay.
<br/>
4760 South Sepulveda Boulevard, Culver City 90230 &#8226; Phone: 310-390-6612
</p>
<h3>
UCLA Community Service Officers (CSOs)
</h3>
<p>
CSO escorts are available free of charge to walk with students, faculty, staff, or visitors 365 days a year from dusk until 1 a.m. between campus buildings, local living areas, or Westwood Village within the approximate boundaries of Sunset Boulevard to the north, Hilgard to the east, Wilshire to the South, and Veteran to the West. Call 310-794-WALK (310-794-9255) 15 minutes before you need to leave to request a CSO escort.
</p>
<h3>
Taxi Services
</h3>
<p>
Beverly Hills Cab Company: 800-273-6611 &#8226; L.A. Yellow Cab: 424-222-2222
</p>
<p>
This policy can be found online at <a href="http://ndlc.info/conduct">http://ndlc.info/conduct</a>.
</p>
<p>
<em>This anti-harassment policy is based on the example policy from the </em><a href="http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment" target="_blank"><em>Geek Feminism wiki</em></a><em>, created by the Ada Initiative and other volunteers.</em>
</p>
